## Web Developer

### Karmarama

#### Sep 2018 - Present (2yrs 9mos)

## SUMMARY

Web Developer working in the Creative Products section of Karmarama.
Working on experiences that engage client users and delight them in
the process.

## HIGHLIGHTS

Building Good Things, the company Pinstagram where staff at Karmarama
share articles they see as good, PR, Production, Marketing, etc. Built
with NextJS, Prisma (GraphQL data layer) and GraphQL Yoga (Express).

Building the company internal HR chatbot, using TypeScript and
Xstate.js for the bot with Google Dialogflow for natural language
processing.

Creative products a11y champion.

Team DevOps. As the longest serving member of the Web Team I have had
this honour bestowed on me, I oversee deployments of the majority of
the projects we host internally.

Working daily in an innovative and cutting-edge Technology Team.

Working within a close knit team of talented developers who evangelise
working within a very well defined development process in an open and
collaborative learning and sharing environment.

Working on exciting, well-known brands alongside having the
opportunity for personal development time and an opportunity to learn,
teach and work with a variety of established and new technologies.

Front-End Developer

Zaizi

Mar 2018 - Aug 2018 (6mos)

SUMMARY

Work as part of agile teams to develop new user-facing features. Using
best practices to create front end applications. Using JavaScript
frameworks such as React and Gatsby and styling with styled-components
ðŸ’…

HIGHLIGHTS

Evaluate several CMS' for use, Contentful, GraphCMS and CrafterCMS

Working in an agile team in the delivery of initial sprints of the
ncsc.gov.uk site.

Analyst Developer

OES Technology

Nov 2016 - Mar 2018 (1yr 5mos)

SUMMARY

Contract work, working on new product development as part of the ACE
Chubb merger. Post Chubb, working on GitHub community Build to Learn
project.

HIGHLIGHTS

Excel VBA, Word templating and coding, Cluster7 champion.

Utilising CSS Grid for layout and styled-components for styling
CSS-in-JS

GitHub project manager for Build to Learn project with two other
remote developers based in Serbia and Egypt building a project with
the static site generator JavaScript framework Gatsby.

VBA Developer

Mansion House Consulting

Jan 2016 - Jul 2016 (7mos)

SUMMARY

Part of Insight framework development team. Developer of bespoke
solutions for clients including but not limited to Deutsche Bank,
Barclays, Old Mutual and Tullett Prebon.

HIGHLIGHTS

Developed & maintained a reusable components repository.

Championed source code control integration for the product with Visual
Studio Team Services.

Implementation of using Microsoft PowerPoint as a reporting tool for
Deutsche Bank, this incorporated a new class to be used in the
reporting framework for Insight which used the existing functionality
to report on a SharePoint list into a preconfigured template for risk
accountability and a heat map

Senior Software Engineer

Fidelity

Dec 2014 - Dec 2015 (1yr 1mo)

SUMMARY

Situated on the Fixed Income Global trading Desk Primary
responsibilities include ensuring start of day isn't impacted,
monitoring batch machines carrying out triage for any issues that
arise. Build and maintain relationships with operations, trading teams
and quants to deliver reports.

HIGHLIGHTS

Extract tool which was basically a query tool in Excel for the trade
data on bonds, fx and cash, this was stored SQL with Excel building
the query string with parameters selected by the user. Implementing
coding standards across legacy applications ensuring compliance to
agreed structure and testing any changes before deploying to
production.

Working with large data sets extracting large data sets from the a
Bloomberg API to Excel for importing into Oracle via SQL\*Loader.

VBA Developer

Deloitte

Aug 2013 - Dec 2014 (1yr 4mos)

SUMMARY

Redesign, development and maintenance of existing desktop application.
Involvement in client meetings and liaising with clients to gather
requirements and deliver products.

HIGHLIGHTS

Migrating all source code from Microsoft Visual SourceSafe (VSS) to
Team Foundation Server (TFS)

Implemented a custom VBA IDE menu bar tool to export the code modules
so they can be stored individually rather than as a BLOBs

Responsible for implementing Microsoft Test Manager (MTM) for any new
changes which also included writing the individual tests.

Support Developer

MSCI

Oct 2010 - Aug 2013 (2yrs 11mos)

SUMMARY

Company develops software applications in-house and the Application
Support team is responsible for supporting these systems internally.
The systems process property-related financial information. Most
utilise current Microsoft technologies but some systems run on other
platforms. Ownership of, diagnose and fix issues for a wide range of
systems, escalating to developers and keeping users informed as
necessary. Ensuring support cases are logged and prioritised. Initial
focus is supporting and documenting core processing systems, with
emphasis on understanding complex business logic behind these systems.
Technical knowledge requires use of SQL to diagnose and fix issues and
maintain data.

HIGHLIGHTS

Data collection. Excel-based data collected from multiple client
sources and imported into the database. Data is moved through several
stages where it is transformed, validated and standardised to a
quality where it is suitable for use in reporting. Primarily C# /SQL
Server with some Oracle.

Core processing. Bespoke Unix-based system producing company core
calculations where it's necessary to understand complex business
logic.

Reporting systems. Use of core system output to produce Excel client
reports and datasets suitable for client-facing web applications and
tools. Primarily Excel/VBA/SQL Server with C# and Analysis Services.

Web-based systems. Includes internal intranet and external
subscription sites. The subscription sites are used by external
clients to access data in several ways including PDF reports and
interactive data mining tools.

Technical Project Manager

Barclays

Mar 2010 - Oct 2010 (8mos)

SUMMARY

Seconded to Barclays Capital to project manage, build and test a tool
used to â€˜link upâ€™ Barclays Capital base rate hedges with Barclays
Corporate loan data for the Risk Solutions Group in Credit Markets.

HIGHLIGHTS

Front office role.

Built from the ground up in C#

Linking hedge products the respective offsetting Barclays Corporate
loan account.

Recalculating amortization profile of loan account.

Producing letters of variation to clients.

Technical Project Manager

Barclays

Jul 2007 - Oct 2010 (3yrs 4mos)

SUMMARY

Project manage the development of new systems and enhancements of
existing systems within the banks Risk function. Main achievements
include: Maintenance of one of the banks systems used to for automatic
decision and pricing for medium to large businesses. Estimating
project costs and analysis of budgets. Co-ordinate the enhancements
for existing systems, working with the business owners. Developed an
excellent knowledge of VBA, VBE, VB, SQL Server, MS Access and program
design. Writing technical specifications/user guides for new and
legacy systems. Provide training for Excel and Access users within the
bank who are looking to strengthen their knowledge in a particular
area. This is achieved by running a drop-in surgery and structured
classes. Participate in and improve all aspects of the application
development life cycle, to ensure efficient and effective use of
processes, standards tools and resources.

HIGHLIGHTS

Most recent project [Financial Crime Unit Sanctions Workflow Database
(Workflow Tool)] winning a Gold ROSCA [Barclays internal award for
excellence formerly known as a RAFTA] award for process enhancement.

Redeveloping two key systems within the team, both of which had
reached the end of their current lifecycle. Both projects were MS
Access databases with a client server architecture, involving custom
replication via ADO.

Championed implementation of VSS into the team, building add-ins for
Excel and Access and acting as contact point for queries in the team.

Business & Information Manager

Barclays

Nov 2005 - Jul 2007 (1yr 9mos)

SUMMARY

Working in the banks' risk function looking after cost centres,
involving monthly reconciliation/attestation and financial planning
[Â£5.4m budget].

HIGHLIGHTS

Winning a Gold RAFTA award [Barclays internal award for excellence]
for the creation of the MB&A and Generalist Credit New to Role
Training Plan for Credit Managers. My Line Manager and I proactively
identified the need to refresh the existing training plans which were
used within GLT. The plan included bespoke drop down menus which are
specific to the role of the individual and provides time bound actions
which include technical skills, Credit Skills Development and the
wider aspects of the role including understanding the ethos and
culture of Business Banking Risk. The plan incorporates a
comprehensive library facility for direct access to relevant documents
and web links. The training plan was delivered in a tight timescale to
universal praise from the recipients. The impact of the quality of the
plan was so great that it was immediately adopted as 'best in breed'
by wider Risk teams and HR. The feedback has been excellent, although
the best evidence of the quality of this piece of proactive work is
the speed and diversity of its wide spread adoption. A piece of work
which allows Business Banking Risk to set the pace in providing
professional and comprehensive development .This is a first class
example of real obsession with making Business Risk a world class
environment to work in.

I have since constructed similar plans for the New Risk Accreditation
plan for Larger Business sector found on the Business Banking Risk
Learning intranet.

Construction of the Sanctioners Toolkit also won a Silver RAFTA, this
also was delivered within a tight timescale [two weeks!] which has
also been adopted by all the GLT staff as an essential piece of kit
enabling smarter working within the teams. Feedback on this was
phenomenal

Financial & Commercial Assistant

Barclays

Feb 2002 - Nov 2005 (3yrs 10mos)

SUMMARY

Reporting directly to the Head of Director's Office Finance Team
[DOFT], Shared Client Services [SCS]. With specific responsibilities
to assist in the day to day management of all financial administration
within 17 SCS teams [HO and Network].

HIGHLIGHTS

High level of MS Office experience gained whilst on DOFT particularly
with Excel & Excel VBA Assisted the Head of DOFT in the collation of
the foundation data for the creation and development of financial
models to aid the forecasting process.

Assisted the Head of DOFT in the creation of an appropriate annual
budget in respect of Shared Client Services.

Aiding the Finance Manager in the appropriate allocation of this
budget amongst the various SCS Network and HO Teams.

Enact measures established to monitor financial performance across the
business unit in financial terms and against key actions.

Application of costs e.g. staff costs [salaries, overtime and
allowances to appropriate cost centres].
